Jenkins - Update election process content for 2022 (#5637)
jenkins-infra/jenkins.io: content/project/board-election-process.adoc

* link:/blog/2021/10/25/jenkins-elections/[Voter registration]
* link:/blog/2021/09/20/election-period-opened/[Election announcement]

=== Key dates

* *October 20* - Nominations open
* *October 20* - Voting registration begins
** During the registration period, the election committee will monitor the sign-ups and update the list of voters.
* *November 10* - Nominations deadline
** After the deadline, the election committee will process nominations and notify the candidates.
* *November 17* - Voting registration is closed
* *November 17* - Election candidates and personal statements published
* *November 17* - Voting begins
** Email is distributed to all registered voters through link:https://civs.cs.cornell.edu/[Condorcet Internet Voting Service].
* *December 02* - Voting ends, 11PM UTC
* *December 07* - Results are announced

=== Elections Committee

The elections are coordinated by the Jenkins Governance Board members who are not up for re-election this year.
These contributors are responsible for managing the process, preparing the nominee list for elections, forming and verifying the voter list, and processing/announcing the election results.

> You can contact the election committee via link:https://community.jenkins.io/g/election-committee[Jenkins Election Committee].

Reviewer: we could enable email for that group if you wanted btw. Discourse has an email gateway.

Author: Thanks for the insight on that @halkeye, I was thinking it might be better to have one place to send the nominations so no "beams get crossed" so to speak. If the email has helped in years prior, I would be more than happy to update and implement the email.

The charter of the Jenkins board is to ensure the health of not only the software project, but of the communities of plugin developers and users.
To do this effectively, members of the board must bring various perspectives to the table: what are the needs of users; of committers; of organizations, both large and small; of commercial interests.

> As the composition of the Jenkins board changes over time, we want to ensure that this balance of viewpoints is maintained.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
As the composition of the Jenkins board changes over time, we want to ensure this balance of viewpoints is maintained.
```

> Current board members best understand this balance, and are in the best position to select candidates for inclusion onto the board.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Current board members best understand this balance, and are in the best position to select candidates for inclusion into the board.
```
(not sure about this one)

Author: ```suggestion
Current board members understand this balance, and are in the best position to select candidates for inclusion on the board.
```
I changed it to on to try and remove some of the ambiguity of into/onto, and removed the first usage of best as it seems redundant with the next half of the sentence.
Does that work for what you had in mind?

Reviewer 2: I'm still a bit confuse about the inclusion "on" the board instead of what I would instinctively used, "in" the board, but that sound nicer as it is.

(I thought the same about "best" but didn't find a way to fix it.)

Author: No worries @lemeurherve I'm going to do a bit of digging and see if I can find a solid answer on that. I can get some assistance from my fellow writers to ensure it's correct.

Author: I updated that sentence with the help of @b-fisher-cb, and decided to re-word it for clarity

Reviewer 2: You mean you've made the problem disappears ^^
I like this final formulation, good job!

Author: Thanks @lemeurherve, all thanks to teamwork!

> . Make sure that the board reflects the balance of different viewpoints — the needs of users; of committers; of organizations, both large and small; of commercial interests.

Reviewer 2: Repetition of the line 17, is it wanted?

Author: Ah I see what you're saying there. I hadn't thought twice about it being weird. I've updated the second instance to make it a bit different, while still keeping the spirit of the message (I think).
```suggestion
. Make sure that the board reflects the balance of different viewpoints and needs of users, committers, organizations of any size, and commercial interests.
```

Reviewer 2: Nice!

The terms of office for these elected positions are:

* Officer positions (one year): December 03, 2021 to December 2, 2022
* Governing board member (two years): December 03, 2021 to December 2, 2023

=== References

* link:/blog/2021/12/03/election-results[Election results]
* link:/blog/2021/10/25/jenkins-elections/[Voter registration]
* link:/blog/2021/09/20/election-period-opened/[Election announcement]

=== Key dates

* *October 20* - Nominations open
* *October 20* - Voting registration begins
** During the registration period, the election committee will monitor the sign-ups and update the list of voters.
* *November 10* - Nominations deadline
** After the deadline, the election committee will process nominations and notify the candidates
* *November 17* - Voting registration is closed
* *November 17* - Election candidates are published, including personal statements
* *November 17* - Voting begins
** Email is distributed to all registered voters through link:https://civs.cs.cornell.edu/[Condorcet Internet Voting Service]
* *December 02* - Voting ends, 11PM UTC

> * *December 07* - Results are announced.

Reviewer 3: Small thing, but maybe remove the period here for consistency with the other date items.

Author: ah good call, removing!
